no more vars in Web/API (3) (#18865)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlmeterelement/labels/index.md

```js
window.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function() {
  const meter = document.getElementById("test");

>   for(let i = 0; i < meter.labels.length; i++) {
>     console.log(meter.labels[i].textContent); // "Label 1" and "Label 2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for (const label of meter.labels) {
    console.log(label.textContent); // "Label 1" and "Label 2"
```
